Publish C++ Preview docs (#2852)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/cpp/crud/create.txt

Create an Object
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Current
      :tabid: current

      To add an object to a realm, instantiate it as you would any other
      object. Then pass it to the :cpp-sdk:`Realm.add() function
      <structrealm_1_1db.html>` inside of a write transaction.

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/crud.snippet.create-an-object.cpp
         :language: cpp

   .. tab:: Experimental
      :tabid: experimental

      To create an object, instantiate it as you would any other
      object. Move the object into the realm using the
      :cpp-sdk:`Realm.add() function <structrealm_1_1db.html>` 
      inside of a write transaction.

      When you move an object into a realm, this consumes the object as an 

>       rvalue. You must use the managed object for any data access or observation.

Author: That's sort of what this design is intended to communicate. The generic object gets consumed when you move it into a realm. To use it once you move it into the realm, you have to get the "managed object" version of it - i.e. you have to get Realm to give you back the managed version. There are a few ways to do this, but it essentially means you shouldn't try to keep using the generic object after you've added it to realm - you need to get the managed version of the object from the realm.

The SDK team said they made this design decision because they didn't want to convey to the user that the unmanaged object is not managed, and that passing it as an rvalue telegraphs a form of consumption. I assume that means it's idiomatic to a C++ developer so I just added this note here.

But this note seems to invite clarifying managed vs. unmanaged, so I can't decide if the design was unsuccessful or if us wanting more clarity about this is just because we're not familiar enough with C++ to know what's idiomatic.

      In this example, copying the ``dog`` into the realm consumes it as an 

>       rvalue.

Author: The [C++ reference docs](https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/value_category) don't use monospace for the value categories, and none of the other docs or articles I could find online about this use special formatting to refer to the different value categories, so I think not. But it's a good q!

      Because ``ContactDetails`` is an embedded object, it does not have
      its own lifecycle independent of the main ``Business`` object. 
      If you delete the ``Business`` object, this also deletes the 
      ``ContactDetails`` object.

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/crud.snippet.beta-create-embedded-object.cpp
         :language: cpp

      .. include:: /includes/tip-cpp-beta-experimental-features.rst

Model
`````

For more information about modeling an embedded object, refer to: 
:ref:`cpp-embedded-object`.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Current
      :tabid: current

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/define-object-model.snippet.model-with-embedded-object.cpp
         :language: cpp

   .. tab:: Experimental
      :tabid: experimental

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/crud.snippet.beta-model-with-embedded-object.cpp
         :language: cpp

      .. include:: /includes/tip-cpp-beta-experimental-features.rst

.. _cpp-create-an-object-with-to-one-relationship:

Create an Object with a To-One Relationship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Current
      :tabid: current

>       To create an object with a to-one relationship link to another object, 

Author: Yeah, good catch. An earlier version of the C++ beta used a `link` keyword on relationship properties to indicate a relationship, which they have removed in a PR over the weekend. I suspect there are probably a bunch of places that still use that term I should clean up. I'll add that to the fast follow ticket.

      :tabid: current

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/define-object-model.snippet.model-with-ignored-field.cpp
         :language: cpp

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/define-object-model.snippet.to-many-relationship.cpp
         :language: cpp

   .. tab:: Experimental
      :tabid: experimental

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/crud.snippet.beta-employee-model.cpp
         :language: cpp

      .. literalinclude:: /examples/generated/cpp/relationships.snippet.beta-to-many-relationship.cpp
         :language: cpp

      .. include:: /includes/tip-cpp-beta-experimental-features.rst

.. _cpp-create-an-object-with-inverse-relationship:

Create an Object with an Inverse Relationship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 0.2.0

To create an object with a inverse relationship link to another object, 
assign the raw pointer of the linked object to the relationship 
property of the main object. Move the object into the realm using the 
:cpp-sdk:`Realm.add() function <structrealm_1_1db.html>` 
inside of a write transaction.

In this example, we create two ``Person`` objects that each have a link to 

> the same ``Dog`` object. The ``Dog`` has an inverse relationship to the 
> ``Person`` objects that is automatically updated when the ``Person`` object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same ``Dog`` object. The ``Dog`` has an inverse relationship to each 
``Person`` object that is automatically updated when a linked ``Person`` object
```
